# Unity-Game
Medieva City Builder Game.
The player starts with nothing and has to go from rags to riches. Start off doing everything himself (gathering supplies, crafting, building). After generating wealth through resources and trade with other settlements, one can hire npc to do work for them. This truly means that one starts with nothing, and can grow to become a ruler. 

- Start with nothing (gather resources, hunt animals, build shelter, craft items, armor, weapons)
- Level up crafting abilities, combat abilities to be more effective.
- Sell items and resources to local villages.
- Use money to generate new wealth through building more expensive buildings, crafting more expensive items, hiring other npc to do work for oneself.
- Build armies of npc with wealth and use influence to conquer other villages

//FUNCTIONALITIES OF THE GAME:
- Gather resources from NPC's, monsters, wild animals, miningdepots, trees, foraging
- Craft building and items
- Store items in inventory and in houses or chests
- Leveling system where one get benefits ingame for higher levels (Crafting, Onehand, Twohand, Ranged, Woodcutting, Mining, Charisma, Influence, Foraging, Hunting, Agility, Trade)
- Combat against human npc's, monsters and wild animals
- Autogenerated map with resources, trees, plants, misc and local town
- Camera functionality (Rotating, moving, lock on to player)
- UI (Inventory, crafting, progressbar, healthbar, hungerbar, thirstbar, toolsbar, armorbar, influenceoverview (ability to see which NPC's are hired and the trust they have for their boss)
- Ingame economy (maybe cryptocurreny support). NPC's will trade with eachother, and build building and do other stuff with the resources.
- NPC hiring and influence system (A system where the main player can hire other npcs to do work for them. This can be fighting in their army, work the field to gain food, or gather other resources for the main player. The NPC's have needs too: money, food, appreciation which will impact how they see their boss)


//TODO: 
1. Further progress with inventory-system //IN PROGRESS
2. Functionality for rotating and zooming main camera //DONE
3. Adding trees, rocks, plants, basic buildings and other models //IN PROGRESS
4. Animating player movements //DONE
5. Adding actions for gathering resources (Wood, stone, plants) //DONE
6. Random map generator for resources, random items and local villages on start
7. Basic sounddesigg (walking sound, basic soundtrack, ambient sounds)
8. Adding basic UI (Inventory menu, loading bars, overview of buildings, statistics)
9. UI for inventory and crafting //IN PROGRESS
10. Adding combat possibilities
11. Adding helthbar, hunger?, sleepiness?, stats //IN PROGRESS
12. Add warehouses for food and items
13. NPC system (NPC's can gather resources, fight, trade, get hired to do work and so on)
14. Make ingame economy (possibility to use cryptocurrency)
15. Leveling system (Woodcutting skill, mining skill, crafting skill, foraging skill, hunting skill, bow skill, onearm skill, twohand skill, charisma skill, trade skill, command skill, agility skill)
